a few the products we'll be using in
this category will be a doulica camera
bag a lens pouch a lens cleaner we'll
also be using a duster to dust our
equipment and lenses we'll be using a
Dalek a UV filter to protect our lens
the camera is going to be a digital SLR
with a zoom lens of 24 to 70 and our
secondary lens is going to be 70 to 200
telephoto zoom lens and also we'll be
using a flash this educational video
will cover the category indoor Nam
studio indoor norm studio category will
consist of baby pictures pet photography
family holiday pictures food and kids
pictures
you
[Music]
hello everyone today our subject is in
Dorne understood your baby pictures it's
a beautiful day and we have three
gorgeous boys to start with so let's
start shooting as you may notice we have
Simon sitting quietly so we're going to
try shooting from different angles
meantime that I'll be shooting these
pictures I'll be explaining how we can
work out to have better pictures better
angles better setup with the camera
flash and also lighting and environment
the key to have successful kiss
photography is to make them more
comfortable make them feel at home
bringing them into their own environment
kind of their own toys and parents has
to believe that they both of them they
have to be there and the photographer
has to have a connection with their with
the baby as well spending some time with
them a couple of minutes of playing with
them you know doing jokes hide-and-seek
peekaboo
we create a nice environment between the
photographer and the baby so we're going
to start taking some pictures any time
I'll explain how we can change the mode
of the pictures according to our cameras
and lights and thank you hey Simon hello
are you with me good the camera sitting
will be 800 ISO to use the natural light
as our main source of lighting the
shutter speed is 200 and also f-stop
will be 3 point
hey guys hello hello guys it looks like
he's doing a lot of mechanical job good
job good job good job all right
you should always keep contact with the
kids and entertaining them so you can
grab their attention in this setup I'm
balancing my flash for the vertical
shots and for the horizontal tracks as
you may notice I'm balancing the flash
upright so the light is going to have a
better shadow of less contrasty under
kids faces but working with the kids you
have to have the plan shutter speed and
ready to capture the moment kids act
really fast so you have to be really
ready hey guys hey guys
just a few more advice for taking
pictures of the kids make sure you're
using your hide shutter straight and
take a lot of pictures and be friendly
with the kids and enjoy your time thank
you
[Music]